Jaystepher presents
from the Lego City series
Tanker Truck.
Set number 60016,
contains 191 pieces, and is recommended for ages 5 through 12.
So we get to make the tanker. It's like probably like 12 wheels. You got a double axle in the back.
Looks like a gas station.
So we come with a mini-fig.
And we do get numbered bags in here. We'll see that in a second.
I guess we get to make all this cool stuff,
and see all the features that it has.
So let's take a peak inside and see what we get.
Looks like this thing is packed with pieces.
So the bags are numbered. Looks like we get a bunch of plates.
You get a ... "Energy".
So we get a bunch of stickers..
We get a long string with a hose spigot attached.
Get the instruction booklet.
I don't know if this set had one or two instructions.
Bag number two. Lots of various bricks and plates. I see some tiles in there.
Nothing else in the box.
So let's put our tanker together.
Here's the Tanker Truck all assembled.
In a moment we're going to be going through the
various parts and accessories that you do get with this set.
Let's look at the various parts that come with the Tanker Truck.
Here is the mini-fig.
I like the overalls.
Two-toned.
Comes with the hat.
Sweet mini-fig.
Does come with the truck.
Now we have the presumably a fire extinguisher.
This does go into the compartment behind the truck.
Just a simple brick and water spigot.
Now we have the gas pump.
Few things to note here that this does come off very easily.
This is not really user-friendly
with the hose and stuff.
I didn't put the sticker on here because I'm probably going to re-use that tile,
but this is printed on here. Here is the control panel.
I like the printed tiles. I don't know why they didn't print this one.
You also get the valve here to turn of and off the pump.
I like the two-toned effect here with the red stripe.
It's a great idea for a gas pump.
Here are the stickers that come with the set.
Here's the sticker that you would use for the gas pump, and these go on the tanker.
This is supposed to be for the front.
I don't know why they didn't print these on. I'll probably save these for something else.
And here's some of the various parts you do get. You get an extra spigot,
and you do get an extra long hose with a water spigot attached.
And some various angle slopes ... stuff like that.
Just extra knick-knacks that usually come with the set.
Here is the Tanker Truck and it's packed with a lot of features.
First thing you're going to notice that we do actually get a pull-out hose.
It's on a string. You got the hose spigot.
It only goes, I don't know,  about eight or nine inches.
And the truck is on three axles.
Take a look at the side here.
You get the ... these are fo-mirrors.
They look really great and the doors do open up.
You can see inside the cab.
And the top of the cab does come off.
You do you get your steering wheel.
You also get a mug.
And, there's room for a mini-fig to sit.
Pretty much only one mini-fig can sit in there,
but it is easy to replace the top if needed
You got your front here. There's suppose to be a sticker, but I left the sticker off.
I like the front of the bumper ... the details, the grilles.
You get a cabinet here. This is where the little fire extinguisher is suppose to go.
I like the way they integrated the cabinet.
I like the rails for the step-sides.
This ladder.
I like the top of the tanker.
You got the two valves here on top. Also your mini-fig can walk on here as well.
I like the use of the grates next to the turn valves.
Really great detail.
There was suppose to be stickers on here that says "Energy" but I never put them on there.
But all-in-all, this is a great little truck.
Lots of detail.
Great!
Rolls around nice.
And I like the use of the white and you got the red stripe which
does continue onto the container of the truck,
as well as the green on the bottom.
They really thought this out really well.
Nicely done.
The Tanker Truck is a terrific set for any Lego builder,
and will fit with any Lego theme,
and has lots of play time.
You get a lot of great elements with this set.
So this is the Lego City
Tanker Truck.
Set number 60016,
and contains 191 pieces.
Thank you for watching.